npm install --save-dev react-test-renderer


Theory: 
Test components wrapped in a provider. 
Static analysis on testing. 


JEST VS REACT TESTING LIBRARY (RTL)
JEST--> JS Testing framework 
        Test runner 
        once the test done, determines the tests passed or failed reports it back in a human readable manner. 

RTL --> RTL provides a virual DOM which we can use to interact with and verify the behaviour of react component. 


Types of Test: 
Unit test 
Integration test 
End to End Tests (e2e)


UNIT TEST CASES: 
-->Focus is on testing indvidual building blocks of an app such as a class or function or a component. 
-->Each building block is tested on isolation, independent of other units. 
-->Run in a short amount of time and make it very easy to pinpoint failure.

<--------------------Anatomy of the test -----------------------> 

function signautres
test(name, fn, timeout)
name: to test name used to identify the test. 
fn: function that containes the expections to test .
timeout: which is optional argument for specifying how long to wait before
aborting the test. The default timeout value is 5 secs. 


Explain: 
import screen and screen.getByText

screen: its from react testing library
1) its an object that containes methods to query the virtual dom.

getByText: 
Its a query and by get by text accepts a string or irregular
expression as its argument. 

<------------ Test driven development ------------------->
three phasees: 
1_ Create tests that verify the functionality of a specific feaute.
2_Write software code that will run the tests successfully when re-executed.
3_Refactor the code for optimization while ensuring the tests continue to pass. 

Alos called red-green testing as all tests go from a red failed state to a green passed state. 


<------------------Watch Mode-------------------------->
This is an option that we can pass th Jest asking to watch files that have chaged since the last 
commit and execute tests related only to those changed files. 


.


